# view set in drf : - 

  djengo Rash framework allow you to combine the logic for a set of related view in a simple class called a view set.

there are two main advantage of using a viewset over using a views  class.

-  Reapeated logic be combine into single class .

- by passing routers we no longer need with wiring up the url conf ourselves . 




viewset Class : - 

in this viewset we just write three line an crud will happen .

I am the color of yousect class is simple a type of class based view that does not provide any method handler such as get()  or post()  and insect provide action such as list() and create().

list() get all date 

roterive() - get single data 

create() - for create data 

update() - for update data

partial_upddate() - for partial update data .


work ----------- 

import from rest_framework import viewsets .

class StudentSet(viewsset.ViewSet):
    deflist(self , request ):.......
    def create(self , request ):.....
    def retrive(self , request , pk=None):...
    def update(self , request , pk=None):...
    def partial_update(self , request , pk=None):....
    def distroy(self , request , pk=None):......



: - During dispatch the following attribute are available on the view set.

basename - The pace to use for the URL named data created.

action - the name of the current action (eg , list , create )

detail - Bullion indicating if the current action is configured for a list or detail view.

suffix - The display suffix for the view set - mirrors the detail attribute.

name - the display name for the view set the argument is mutually exclusive to suffix

description - The display description for the individual view of a view set.



router config not as  normal url view call : ----------------


URL confg : - 

import include - for add 
import your view with application 
from rest_framework.routers import DefaultRouter 

object create 

router = DefaultRouter() 
router.register('studentapi' , model views of viewset , basename="student")


in url patter 

path(""  /include(router.urls)),


